# obfs4proxy-Linux-Build
## obfs4 - The obfourscator

Build it from source
```
apt install golang
git clone https://github.com/Yawning/obfs4.git
cd obfs4
go build -o obfs4proxy/obfs4proxy ./obfs4proxy
cp obfs4proxy/obfs4proxy /usr/bin

/usr/bin/obfs4proxy -version
obfs4proxy-0.0.13
```

### What?

This is a look-like nothing obfuscation protocol that incorporates ideas and
concepts from Philipp Winter's ScrambleSuit protocol.  The obfs naming was
chosen primarily because it was shorter, in terms of protocol ancestery obfs4
is much closer to ScrambleSuit than obfs2/obfs3.

The notable differences between ScrambleSuit and obfs4:

 * The handshake always does a full key exchange (no such thing as a Session
   Ticket Handshake).
 * The handshake uses the Tor Project's ntor handshake with public keys
   obfuscated via the Elligator 2 mapping.
 * The link layer encryption uses NaCl secret boxes (Poly1305/XSalsa20).

As an added bonus, obfs4proxy also supports acting as an obfs2/3 client and
bridge to ease the transition to the new protocol.

### Why not extend ScrambleSuit?

It's my protocol and I'll obfuscate if I want to.

Since a lot of the changes are to the handshaking process, it didn't make sense
to extend ScrambleSuit as writing a server implementation that supported both
handshake variants without being obscenely slow is non-trivial.

### Dependencies

Build time library dependencies are handled by the Go module automatically.

If you are on Go versions earlier than 1.11, you might need to run `go get -d
./...` to download all the dependencies. Note however, that modules always use
the same dependency versions, while `go get -d` always downloads master.

 * Go 1.11.0 or later. Patches to support up to 2 prior major releases will
   be accepted if they are not overly intrusive and well written.
 * See `go.mod`, `go.sum` and `go list -m -u all` for build time dependencies.

### Installation

Client side torrc configuration:
```
ClientTransportPlugin obfs4 exec /usr/bin/obfs4proxy
```

Bridge side torrc configuration:
```
# Act as a bridge relay.
BridgeRelay 1

# Enable the Extended ORPort
ExtORPort auto

# Use obfs4proxy to provide the obfs4 protocol.
ServerTransportPlugin obfs4 exec /usr/bin/obfs4proxy

# (Optional) Listen on the specified address/port for obfs4 connections as
# opposed to picking a port automatically.
#ServerTransportListenAddr obfs4 0.0.0.0:443
```

### Tips and tricks

 * On modern Linux systems it is possible to have obfs4proxy bind to reserved
   ports (<=1024) even when not running as root by granting the
   `CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE` capability with setcap:

   `# setcap 'cap_net_bind_service=+ep' /usr/bin/obfs4proxy`

 * obfs4proxy can also act as an obfs2 and obfs3 client or server.  Adjust the
   `ClientTransportPlugin` and `ServerTransportPlugin` lines in the torrc as
   appropriate.

 * obfs4proxy can also act as a ScrambleSuit client.  Adjust the
   `ClientTransportPlugin` line in the torrc as appropriate.

 * The autogenerated obfs4 bridge parameters are placed in
   `DataDir/pt_state/obfs4_state.json`.  To ease deployment, the client side
   bridge line is written to `DataDir/pt_state/obfs4_bridgeline.txt`.

### Changelog
Changes in version 0.0.13 - 2022-02-04:
 - Stop using utls entirely for TLS signature normalization (meek_lite).
 - Stop pinning the certificate chain for default bridges (meek_lite).

Changes in version 0.0.12 - 2021-12-31:
 - Fix the long standing distinguishers associated with agl's Elligator2
   implementation (Thanks to Loup Vaillant).
 - Replace the extra25519 import with an internal package.
 - Update the Azure TLS certificate digest (Thanks to Philipp Winter).
 - Make the -unsafeLogging command line switch work.
 - Bump the version of the utls fork, add the Chrome 83 fingerprint.

Changes in version 0.0.11 - 2019-06-21:
 - Update my e-mail address.
 - Change the obfs4 behavior for handling handshake failure to be more
   uniform.  Thanks to Sergey Frolov for assistance.
 - Bump the version of the utls fork.

Changes in version 0.0.10 - 2019-04-12:
 - Disable behavior distinctive to crypto/tls when using utls.
 - Bump the version of the utls fork.

Changes in version 0.0.9 - 2019-02-05:
 - Various meek_lite code cleanups and bug fixes.
 - Bug 29077: uTLS for ClientHello camouflage (meek_lite).
 - More fixes to HTTP Basic auth.
 - (meek_lite) Pin the certificate chain public keys for the default
   Tor Browser Azure bridge (meek_lite).

Changes in version 0.0.8 - 2019-01-20:
 - Bug 24793: Send the correct authorization HTTP header for basic auth.
 - (meek_lite) Explicitly set Content-Length to zero when there is no data
   to send.
 - Added optional support for building as a Go 1.11 module.  Patch by mvdan.
 - Change the canonical upstream repo location to gitlab.

Changes in version 0.0.7 - 2016-11-15:
 - Support configuring the obfs4 IAT parameter as the sole
   ServerTransportOption on bridges, and correctly checkpoint the argument
   to the state file.
 - Correctly use the derived epoch hour when generating the server obfs4
   ntor handshake response to be more tollerant of clock skew.
 - Reuse the read buffer when consuming obfs4 frames over the network to
   reduce memory consumption.  Patch by oxtoacart.

Changes in version 0.0.6 - 2016-01-25:
 - Delay transport factory initialization till after logging has been
   initialized.
 - Add a meek client implementation (WARNING: Does not support using a
   helper to normalize TLS signatures).  The brave people that want to use
   it can do so as the "meek_lite" transport, with identical bridge lines
   to the real meek-client.

Changes in version 0.0.5 - 2015-04-15:
 - Go vet/fmt fixes, and misc. code cleanups.  Patches by mvdan.
 - Changed the go.net import path to the new location (golang.org/x/net).
 - Added limited support for detecting if the parent process crashes.
 - Support for tor feature #15335 (stdin based termination notification).
 - Moved the leveled logging wrappers into common/log so they are usable
   in transport implementations.
 - Added a DEBUG log level.
 - Use a bundled SOCKS 5 server instead of goptlib's SocksListener.

Changes in version 0.0.4 - 2015-02-17
 - Improve the runtime performance of the obfs4 handshake tests.
 - Changed the go.crypto import path to the new location (golang.org/x/crypto).
 - Added client only support for ScrambleSuit.

Changes in version 0.0.3 - 2014-10-01
 - Change the obfs4 bridge line format to use a "cert" argument instead of the
   previous "node-id" and "public-key" arguments.  The "cert" consists of the
   Base64 encoded concatenation of the node ID and public key, with the
   trailing padding removed.  Old style separated bridge lines are still valid,
   but the newer representation is slightly more compact.

Changes in version 0.0.2 - 2014-09-26
 - Write an example client bridge line suitable for use with the running obfs4
   server instance to "obfs4_bridgeline.txt" for the convenience of bridge
   operators.
 - Add a man page for obfs4proxy.

Changes in version 0.0.1 - 2014-09-03
 - Initial release.
